Adding basic examples (#882)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-tenants.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

> ## Basic example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic examples

```

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic examples

> This example will list the tenants on the default space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the tenants on the default space:
```

```text
octo list-tenants --server="https://MyOctopusServer" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey"
```

> This example lists the tenants of space [Tenants - SaaS](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-2):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the tenants in the space [Tenants - SaaS](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-2):
```

> This example will list the tenants of space [Tenants - SaaS](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the tenants of space [Tenants - SaaS](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-2):
```
